Add has route field (#22341)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/next.config.js/headers.md

}
```

## Header, Cookie, and Query Matching

To only apply a header when either header, cookie, or query values also match the `has` field can be used. Both the `source` and all `has` items must match for the header to be applied.

`has` items have the following fields:

- `type`: `String` - must be either `header`, `cookie`, or `query`.
- `key`: `String` - the key from the selected type to match against.

> - `value`: `String` or `undefined` - the value to check for, if undefined any value will match. A regex like string can be used to capture or a specific part of the value e.g. with `first-(?<paramName>.*)` and the value `first-second` `second` will be usable in the destination with `:paramName`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `value`: `String` or `undefined` - the value to check for, if undefined any value will match. A regex like string can be used to capture a specific part of the value, e.g. if the value `first-(?<paramName>.*)` is used for `first-second` then `second` will be usable in the destination with `:paramName`.
```
